How does it relate to digital humanities/scholarship?

Digital humanities are when people use computers or new technology to further their knowledge of humanities. 
In short, this website takes historical landmarks and places them in a virtual map allowing people to see where it would be placed and what it would look like now. 
It helps people better understand the history of placement and architecture using technology.

What connections does the reading have with the website?

The reading I wanted to relate the website “HyperCities” to is Druckers, “Humanities Approaches to Graphical Display”. 
Before getting deep into the discussion, it would be best to summarise what Drucker is conveying on her paper. 
Drucker believes that much of the information is lost or is not presented when it is viewed in simplistic graphic forms.
She believes that there should be a way to display emotions into a graph hence communicating much more data in one picture. 
Though this is what she preaches in her paper there are many tears in her argument that prevent her notion from taking on a hardstand.
This is due to the fact that graphs are meant to have a simplistic way of channelling information in a quick and efficient form. 
Adding additional information, let alone a confusing one as emotion can hinder someone’s ability to accept the information the writer is trying to express. 
This can be seen on the website “HyperCities”. 
Upon looking at the website it is very apparent that the creators wanted the viewer to easily understand what was being presented, but as my group and I soon discovered it was very troublesome to explore the site. 
The main focus of the site was the visual appearance but it backfired since it was hard to retail the information it was trying to get through. 
Regardless, the message they wanted to get across was very helpful, where people could visually experience and retain information that was being displayed. 
In conclusion, the main website itself was hard to get behind but the actual concept they wanted to get across was phenomenal.
